# CS305 Software Security
  Artemis Financial is a financial consulting company that develops savings, retirement, investment, and insurance plans for their clients.  They want us to incorporate the latest and most up-to-date software security measures into their RESTful web api.  Satic testing was something that I have found to be simple yet very effective.  Running a check for the most crucial vulnerabilities existing within a code saves a bunch of time, and looking into mitigation techniques is a great learning experience.  Secure coding is what protects a company and all of its clients from any sort of attack that may cause harm to any or everyone involved.  Software security adds value because it provides us with a product that can be trusted, and in turn will be successful because of it.  What I found to be the most challenging was manually inspecting the code.  I would have to know the exact intent and purpose of each line of code in order to successfully detect issues in this manner.  I feel that I still need work in this area, but every day is another day of gaining experience. 
  From generating a certificate and converting http to https, to deploying an algorithm cipher for data encryption, all of these important steps were used in adding layers of security to help prevent against known attacks.  In the future, I would defintely utilize all of these techniques in securing an api for a client and also myself.  I would surely be using the maven dependency check tool and making sure all libraries are up-to-date to avoid as many vulnerabilities as possible.  I ran this test before, during, and after refactoring the code to ensure that no new vulnerabilities were introduced on my part.  Resources that helped me immensely were Stackoverflow, Google, and Youtube.  Tons of information available for free if you're willing to dig for it.  And once again, all of the security measures and protocols that I've used in this project will definitely be being considered in the future.  I would gladly show a future employer my ability to deploy a hash algorithm, encrypt data and send it to a server via https. 
